Spring River Excursions 1994 - 2025   
10/7/1994 – Westfall/Teal – Spring River, “First Time on the Spring River, the Blue and White #5 Shad Rap Extravaganza “, we floated from Spring River Oaks down the Spring River Valley low water bridge. We took the Sea King Semi V on this float. We left a takeout vehicle at Hardy Beach, but it was too far to make. An elderly couple took us down to Hardy Beach to retrieve the vehicle. Also in the group float were Mr. Scott and Manis. We spent the night at Bayou Access and put in the river at Many Islands. The weather was cool and overcast.  We caught several fish including my 1st Spring River Walleye, Shadow Bass, Spotted Bass and Smallmouth Bass. Most of my fish were caught on the #5.
10/09/1998 – Westfall/Boodrow – Spring River, Boodrow’s First Spring River Float”, we went up river from Spring River Valley Campground. The bite was totally non-existent as Boodrow caught 2 or 3 brownies and I caught a gar. I don’t recall how far we went up river?
10/11/1998 – Westfall/Boodrow – Spring River, “Many Islands Float”, we put in at Many Islands and we floated down to SRV. We caught 2 Shadow Bass, 40 Smallmouth, 2 Spotted Bass and 2 Black Bass and 1 Walleye.  Our lures of choice were the Blue Shad Rap (walleye), jig and pig, tubes, and centipedes. The weather was sunny and cool. The water was stained.
2/15/2002, Fri – Westfall/Captain Teal – Spring River, upstream from Hardy low water bridge. Departed Hot Springs at 0330 hrs. Arrived at Hardy at 0730 hrs. Moved up river fishing the shoals, holes, runs up to the Trophy Hole.  We caught 8 fish – All above 16”, 4 brownies, 3 blacks, 1 approaching 4.5 lbs.  My 7 fish were caught on a FLW brown/orange jig with a green pumpkin trailer and 1 on a BSR #7. Most caught tight to cover.  All fish were oversized biting especially when the train went down the track. Stomach contents were green, orange and brown, the same and my bait! We had no luck trolling and we did not catch a walleye.
2/16/2002, Sat – Westfall/Teal – Spring River, upstream from Hardy low water bridge. We fished two holes up and down most of the day. Teal did well with a 3.5 lb. brownie caught on a crawler rig in the rock bass eddy below the lagoon, near turn over shoal. We ended up with 8 fish, I caught 3 good brownies, 1 black and 1 rocker. The trip yielded the largest total creel of any Feb. excursion to date. We caught no fish trolling and we caught zero walleye. Tim Scott caught a black bass that weighed 6 lbs. on a BSR. Great trip!
2/19/2005 – Westfall/Scott – Spring River, Crawdad Trip, SRV upriver to the Trophy Hole. Mr. Scott caught a 6 lb. plus 27” long Walleye on a jig and leech. He caught the fish right below Turn Over Shoals above the camp. A great fish, one of the largest walleyes to date (2/2005).  I caught 11 fish including 10 brownies and 1 Shadow Bass on a jig and pig, BCW and a spoon.  The river was optimal with cloudy skies, threat of rain all day, windy and cool.  It was a crankbait producing day on the water.  Tim also caught 4 nice brownies.  We saw a Great Blue Herron rookery, turkeys on the roost, and a Mink on the low water bridge. 
2/20/2005 – Westfall/Scott – Spring River, Crawdad Trip, HB Alexander Boat Ramp upriver and downriver from the ramp.  The river was high and moving. The skies were clearing and warming. Fast current. I caught 9 fish, 2 spots, and 7 brownies. We found a backwater out of the current.  The area held blacks and spots, but we only managed to catch 4 fish.  The BCW produced a nice Walleye.  Tim caught a trout, white crappie, rock bass, brownie and a black bass. We encountered 50 or so turkeys at the ramp.  Scott found a Florida Gators hat he still wears 20-years later!
2/21/2005 – Westfall/Scott – Spring River, Crawdad Trip, Spring River Valley Campground (Low water bridge) upriver to “Turn Over Shoal”. The water was stained after a thunder boomer. Mr. Scott did very well with the green orange chartreuse broken tail Shad Rap #5.  He also caught a good brownie trolling with the same Shad Rap. I caught one fish and Scott caught 4 smallies.  
11/10/2007 – Westfall/Yvonne Westfall – Spring River, Arkansas Sheriff’s Ranch – We departed Hot Springs, stopped to look for granite counter tops for our new home. Tennessee embarrassed the Hogs ☹! We traveled up to Riverside to look for my Walleye pic, no luck.
11/11/2007 – Westfall/Yvonne – Spring River SRV up river in the Scanoe. We made it up to the Walleye/Brownie Trophy Hole by late afternoon.  We caught several fish on the T rigged Centipede in Cotton Candy. Yvonne fished well with 4 Smallies, one near 3 lbs.  I caught 9 fish. The river was beautiful with fall color. The river was very low at 3.17’. We saw a ton of wildlife including turtles, hawks, eagles, King Fishers, herons and bivalves. We fished until dark. We did catch a very large Rainbow Trout. We ate dinner at the bed and breakfast inn. 
11/12/2007 – Westfall/Yvonne Westfall – AR Sheriff’s Ranch, departed at 0700 hrs. via Cherokee Village on Hwy 175 north to Hwy 298 to Saddle. We looked at houses along the way. We made it to Bayou Access, put in and fished a couple of shoals with no luck.  We decided to change locations and headed for Fern Taylor’s Fish Camp. We Scanoed up river to the Trophy Hole. A huge storm hit us with wind, lighting and wind.  I caught a 3 lb. brownie on the Blue/White Shad Rap. Yvonne caught her 1st Spring River Walleye! She followed that up with a large Shadow Bass.  Lures of choice: #5 Shad Rap and T-rigged Centipedes.
9/20/2010, Mon – Westfall/Teal/Scott – Spring River – Departed Hot Springs and 0330 hrs. Arrived at the Hardy low water bridge and 0800 hrs. We moved up river, James and I in the Coleman Crawdad and Tim solo in his Scamper boat.  We made it up to trophy hole. A beautiful hot day.  For the day, I caught 10 rockers, 26 brownies, and 1 walleye.
9/21/2010, Tue – Westfall/Teal/Scott – Spring River – Riverside to Fern Taylor’s Fish camp. We put in the river a 1300 hrs. and made it to Fern Taylor’s at 0130 hrs. I caught 5 rockers, 7 brownies, 9 rainbow trout and 2 walleyes. Beautiful day, great float.
6/24/2011Westfall/WC Westfall – Spring River, Spring River Valley Campground up river the original Walleye Shoal, river running at 3.6’. We encountered severe storms. We caught 42 Rock/Shadow Bass, WC caught a pair of 4lb. blacks, I caught two walleyes on the yellow perch shad rap. We also caught 3 rain bow trout. We had our best luck with Texas rigged centipedes in Cotton Candy with red slip sinker, and gray red jig with cotton candy centipede. We caught most of the shadow bass on the centipede by doodling logs in the secret hole above the SRV put inThe hole is located up river of the shoal on up to the left side.  We ate a barbeque dinner @ the Hardy Beach Club.
6/25/2011 – Westfall/WC Westfall – Spring River, Fern Taylor Camp up river well above the Walleye shoal.  We caught 25 fish including a walleye and numerous rock bass.  We used the same lures with similar success and the day before. We ate dinner at the St. Line café and toured the Mammoth Spring State Park. 
6/26/2011 – Westfall/WC Westfall Spring River, Fern Taylor Camp downriver 0600 to 1030 hrs. to Disaster Falls. Hit the backwater camp hole.  We caught 18 fish including 1 walleye.  We saw Soft Shelled Turtles and Bald Eagles. We ate lunch at the Corner Booth.
For the trip we caught 88 fish, 1 Green sunfish, 3 trout, 42 Rock Bass, 2 eyes, 36 brownies and 4 black bass. 
10/10/2011 – Westfall/Sigman – Spring River, we departed my domicile at 0330 hrs. and arrived at Fern Taylor’s Fish Camp at 0730 hrs. We floated up river catching 40 smallies, 3 Walleye, 29 Shadow Bass and 1 large carp.  The walleyes were caught on Shad Raps and Jigging Spoons. The centipede in cotton candy and the gig and peed accounted for the Shadow Bass bites. It was a beautiful day on the Spring.  The weather was warm with the water levels on the low side.  Most of our fish were caught in the lagoon down from Taylor Camp. Clint and I had excellent Shadow Bass trip at the same location in the summer of 2011 catching 42 Shadow Bass over 2/3 days of fishing.
10/11/2011 – Westfall/Sigman – Spring River – Hardy Beach to Harold B.  Along on the trip included Thomason, Williams, Lockwood and Mr. Scott. Sig and I caught 40 smallies, 5 walleyes, 1 drum, 1 carp, crappie and a catfish. The fish were bunched up below the shoals. Spoons accounted for most of the catches.  The weather was windy and cool. Very nice time had by all.  My personal catches for the trip included 7 walleyes, 6 on the spoon, 20 Shadow Bass, 1 crappie, 5 drum, 2 carp, 1 spot, 3 black bass, a catfish and 20 smallies.
Walleye Tips: Work lures very slow. Search for current breaks, creek mouths, rock outcrops, dams, shoals, fallen timber, river bends, islands, culverts etc. When current is high, look for shallow water current breaks. Look for holding spots below the shoals.  Most fisherman on the Spring River concentrate fishing techniques near the rock falls.  Look for other areas such as the head of the rapids. This is called “Fishing the Push”.
10/8/2012 – Westfall/Scott – Spring River – Intruder 12 Trip, we departed from Hot Springs at 0330 hrs. We arrived at Hardy at 0730 hrs.  We went up stream from SRV to Fern Taylor’s Fish Camp. We caught 13 fish. I caught 9 smallies most of which were caught on spoons.  We saw Bald Eagles and hawks.
10/9/2012 – Westfall/Scott - Spring River – Intruder 12 Trip, we floated from Ed Mullins Ramp to Harold B.  Ed Mullin was the elder fisherman we met years later.  We went up stream for ¾ holes and then proceeded down river.  We caught several fish.  I caught 24 good fish (Spots, Blacks, Brownies) using spoons, Jig and Pig and Centipedes. The difference with regards to drop baits, Tim’s fishing scent was the difference.  I hooked a big brownie on the BCW #5. It pulled very hard. The fish got off due to my failings and a too stiff rod.
10/10/2012 - Westfall/Scott - Spring River – Intruder 12 Trip, we fished the same stretch catching 9 Brownies.  Tim’s truck went down at Batesville and Becky’s ex-husband came and ushered us home.  
2/16-19/2014 – Westfall/Scott - Spring River – Intruder 12 Trip, - On 2/16 I had a flat tire, but Tim and I proceeded to Hardy with no spare tire.  Hardy Beach to Harold B.  We departed Hot Springs at 0330 hrs. During this day, JL and Josh caught 20 fish on the Hardy Beach to Harold B. float. The weather was variable with snow, cold, windy overcast.  Later in the day the sun came out warming the bones.
2/17/2014 - Westfall/Scott - Spring River – Intruder 12 Trip, JL and Josh?? “Presidents Day” a Monday.  SRV up to Walleye hole. Tim caught a very nice smallie and a big spot. A brotherly trip with a tough bite. We saw a wood cock, our 1st ever, eagles and turtles.
2/18/2014 – Westfall/Scott- Spring River – Rest and recovery day. We went up to upriver to high shoals.  We put in at the bridge below Rio Vista. After going up river, we proceeded down to Hardy Beach. We saw 3 walleye boats fishing the Rio Vista at night. We now stay in my son in law, Nick Coleman’s cabin in Rio Vista. We trolled a ton through the big holes. We rafted the two vessels together, had fun and caught fish!
04-07 October 2018 – Westfall/Zach Westfall/Clint Westfall/Tim Scott – Spring River. We stayed at Rio Vista cabin in Hardy. Day #1 05 October: Saddler Falls to Walleye Shoal. My trolling motor went down. WC and I walked to the low water bridge. Along the way, we saw 12 turkeys. Overall, we caught 40 fish that included Smallies, Rainbow trout, and Spotted Bass. We celebrated my 60th Birthday, a beautiful day!  The only negative was that my trailer was stolen at Saddler Falls.
10/6/2018 - Westfall/Zach Westfall/Clint Westfall/Tim Scott – Spring River, Hardy Beach to Harold B. We caught 3 walleyes, several bass, 2/3 big smallies. We took out at Harold B at dusk, a wonderful day on the river with my sons and Mr. Scott.  We trolled a ton through the big holes. We rafted the two vessels together, had fun and caught fish!
5/25/2019 – Westfall/Coleman – Spring River, low water bridge down to the cabin. Water up at 4.30’. We caught 5 rockers and 6 smallies. We caught a smallie trolling a psr near a shoal and a big drum trolling a BSR near shoal.  A great day on the water! The sandbar was under water. The communal dock was just out of the water. 
11/13/2021, Sat – Westfall/Mr. Scott – Spring River Float – Ravenden to Imboden (1st day of modern gun season. Wonderful day on the river! Windy, cool day with a high of 51, gusts up to 20 mph. We caught 35 fish including 1 sauger psr, 2 stripers psr, a 15.5”, 2lb 10oz Brownie psr. Mr. Scott caught a 2.0 lb. Brownie of a brown/black jig/leach trailer. We retained 4 spots, 1 sauger and 2 stripers. My hair jig (¼ oz gray hair with red hackle) now combining a nightcrawler. My two best fish, the sauger and the large brownie were caught on the psr. I used the spoon to catch 2 fish. The fish hit natural colors most of the day. We saw ducks, king fishers, osprey and hooded mergansers. Many leaves in the water column. Shad scent worked well.
11/14/2021, Sun – Westfall/Scott – Eleven Point River, Hwy 92 bridge to Birdell on Hwy 62, 2.2 miles?? A mostly cloudy, cold, windy day, gusts up to 25 mph. The river had good current. The river resembled the lower Ouachita, more shallow water. I missed a nice walleye in a deep pot hole. The bite was slow and there was no forage fish movement at all. I caught 5 fish, all with the hair jig even some were caught on tipped with a crawler. I had 7 hits all day long. We retained five spotted bass and 4 bream. 10-12 fish all day.  Great day, beautiful river.
11/15/2021, Mon – Westfall/Scott – Spring River, Mullen ramp to HBA, about 3 miles – We caught 8 bass, 1 walleye, 3 spots and 2 brownies. Lures: jig and peed in gord green and orange with a watermelon red peed. The hair jig was the most productive lure for the weekend. (Gray round ¼ oz head with gray hair with red hackle). Stomach contents of 20 fish from the 3-day trip consisted only 2 fish had small crawdads. Why – frontal passage? A miracle we caught that many fish.  Shad baits prevailed.
10/28/2022 – Westfall/Scott/WCW/SR, Spring River – Overnight trip from HB Alexander to Ravenden. Camped overnight near Watts Bluff. River running at 3.60’. We made it to Ravenden near midday.  We had left our take-out vehicle downstream at Imboden, about 7 miles away.  WC, SR and I walked the distance to Mr. Scott’s vehicle.  Overall, we had a very decent 1.5 days of fishing. We caught 1 walleye, 3 sauger and 1 saugeye, 3 hybrid striped bass, 1 bluegill, 5 drum, 45 smallies and 30 spots. Lures of choice included the blue shad rap, spoon, BCW, square bills, jig and peed, t-rigged centipede. The was floatable, weather sunny, breezy and cool with rain late. Observations: motor and battery issues, we failed to secure a vehicle at Ravenden, hence a 7-mile walk. I should have pre scouted the back way in to HB from Hwy 62. Pre-trip notes included productive lures from 3 recent trips on the Spring – Hair Jig, Perch colored SR, Jig peed with the BCW as the sleeper pick. It produced for sure. Spoon, jig with crawler…
4/17/2023 – Westfall/Scott – Strawberry River, low water bridge to Pebbles Ramp. The holes were filled with sand and it was devoid of structure.  Flood Damage – beautiful river with sand, sand and more sand. We left out for the Spring River. We arrived at the Spring River, Ed Mullin ramp and floated down to HBA. We caught 1 black, 1 sauger, 1 catfish and 1 longear, 1 walleye and 1 Sauger. That evening at Rio Vista we caught 2 walleyes.
4/18/2023 – Westfall/Scott- Spring River, Ravenden to Imboden – A tough day on the water. That night a Rio Vista Mr. Scott caught a big walleye, a large crappie and a gar. During the day we saw 25 woodys with chicks, herons, eagles, squirrels, deer, turkey hen, King fishers and Midges.
10/17/2023 – Westfall/Scott – Spring River Float Trip – Harold B. to Ravenden (approx. 12miles). River stage at 2.93, 330cfs. Day break to 1700 hrs. The weather was cool, breezy and sunny. River stained, but only slightly. We caught 35 fish including a 17” Smallie, 3 Walleyes and 5 bream. I caught 15 bass, 2 walleyes, spots, brownies, 1 nice Rainbow and blacks. There is no put in place at Williford – All private land. Successful lures included the Gord Green Orange and a watermelon red centipede. The #7 Blue/White Shad Rap and the #5 BCW Shad Rap. We saw herons, eagles, crows, Sharp Shinned Hawk, turtles and a Spike Buck Deer. We retained 10 fish. After inspecting the stomach contents included 2” long crawfish. The crawfish were brown, green and orange. The Gord green jig and peed excelled.  There were also ¾ “Bream.
10/18/2023 – Westfall/Scott – Spring River Float – Hardy Beach to the Mullin Ramp (0830- 1630 hrs. The river was low at 2.93’. The weather was windy and cool early, but warmed up throughout the day. We shot the shoals very well considering the low water. We caught 6 smallies, 1 Sauger, 1 Walleye, 1 Drum and a 15lb. Gar. Lures that were productive included: blue shad rap with chrome and orange. The BCW and the Blue White Shad Rap. We saw a spike buck, king fishers, eagles and minks.
11/4/2023 – Westfall/Scott and Clint Westfall/Shelby Rowland – Ravenden to Imboden, a 5.3-mile stretch. Mr. Scott and I caught 26 fish: 1 walleye, spots, largemouth bass, bream and brownies. One brownie went 17”. We used same lures essentially as the 10/18/23 trip. WC and SR caught 47 fish including rockers, 1 walleye, smallies and spots.  There best bait was a square bill cranker and a tube. ** Use tubes on the lower Spring River. Stomach contents were crawfish and bream. We say a wounded doe deer, a coyote crossing the river, a perched Bald Eagle, King Fishers, herons, Sharp shinned Hawk and a buzzard roost.  There was a bad Semi Truck wreck on Hwy 62. Always be warry of truck traffic and out of their mind drivers.
3/16/2024 – Westfall/WC Westfall/Shelby Rowland – Spring River – Ravenden to Imboden.  We caught 25 fish.  I will approach WC and SR for more details.  I know I caught some walleye. 
3/22/2025 – Westfall/WC Westfall/Shelby Rowland/Chase Willingham –Spring River Hardy Beach to HB Alexander, tough bite on the Spring: I caught 5 brownies, WC caught 7 bass and a drum, Shelby caught 1. Shelby was intoxicated big time and broke Clint’s G-Loomis rod.
11/7/2025 – Westfall/Scott – Spring River, Ravenden to Imboden, 5.3 miles, Fall color in bloom! Sunny and warm in the 70’s. Overall, the bite was decent. Fish followed lures up to the boat, but did not strike.  Scent didn’t seem to help the bite.  Mr. Scott caught a 19.5-inch smallie on an iridescent shad rap. He caught more smallies on this lure. He caught a nice sauger as well. He finally lost the lure and the bite waned.  I caught 5 blacks with one going 6.5 lbs., 22.5” long. The big black was caught on a jig and peed (GGO). I caught the fish in a backwater off the main stream.  I also used the perch shad rap with some success.  A guide boat began pushing us downriver, faster than we would have liked to move.  The water was stained, yet good current allowed us to move easily downstream. I found an ultra-small soft-shelled turtle that I promptly traded to Mr. Scott for a shad-colored Flicker Shad with a red tail.
11/8/2025 – Scott/Westfall.  We decided to fish the same stretch as the day before, Spring River, Ravenden to Imboden, but the guide was back at the Ravenden boat ramp. We changed plans accordingly.  We moved north to the Eleven Point River.  We floated from Dalton down to the Hwy 90 bridge, approximately 8 miles.  This stretch is as beautiful a stream that we have fished/floated.  The weather was fantastic as it was sunny, warm, clear and breezy. I caught 2 walleye and a sauger trolling a perch-colored Shad Rap, #5 up and down the river.  I caught 5 blacks, 7 brownies and 3 spotted bass. The jig and peed worked well too.  Mr. Scott caught 2 walleye, 1 black, 9 brownies and 3 spots. The walleyes were caught trolling in the holes that were shaded by a high ridge and bluffs. Great stream flow rate. Falling leaves crowded the water column making it hard to fish a crankbait.  We encountered a ton of wildlife that included 2 Osprey, Coopers, Redtail, Sharp shined hawks, Kingfishers, Blue Herons.  The traffic on Hwy 62 and 412 was horrible with road rage drivers all over.  For the two-day trip, we retained 17 bass, 4 walleye, 2 saugers and 1 channel catfish. The two saugers were loaded with un-ripe egg sacks.  Two bass had small crawfish, green and orange in color.



                                                                                                     
